{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s1\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023\snext1 Normal;}
{\s2\sb240\sa120\keepn\rtlch\af2\afs28\lang255\ltrch\dbch\af4\langfe1023\hich\f2\fs28\lang1023\loch\f2\fs28\lang1023\sbasedon1\snext3 Heading;}
{\s3\sa120\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023\sbasedon1\snext3 Body Text;}
{\s4\sa120\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023\sbasedon3\snext4 List;}
{\s5\sb120\sa120\rtlch\af5\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\i\loch\fs24\lang1023\i\sbasedon1\snext5 caption;}
{\s6\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023\sbasedon1\snext6 Index;}
{\s7\sb120\sa120\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ai\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\i\loch\fs24\lang1023\i\sbasedon1\snext7 caption;}
}
{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment StarWriter}{\vern6800}}\deftab1134
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Meditation \'96 This essential skill allows the subject to regain their mana at an accelerated \tab \tab rate. The amount of mana gained is usually more if they are asleep, and certain \tab \tab pieces of furniture can combine with this skill to augment it even further as w
ell \tab \tab as spells and items.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Ventriloquate \'96 This clever spell allows the caster to make a target say something, or give \tab \tab the impression that they did. The target of the spell must successfully resist the \tab \tab spell in order to prevent the effect from happening, so effects that give th
e \tab \tab caster bonuses to lower this resistance will provide the opposite result. In the \tab \tab right situation, this spell can have disastrous effects if used wisely in roleplay.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Cancellation \'96 This removes spells, both positive and negative upon the caster. Their \tab \tab removal difficulty is based upon those that cast it upon them, so more powerful \tab \tab spells are rather troublesome to erase and will require several castings before \tab \tab thi
s is accomplished. Be warned if you have a fly spell and are up in the air, it \tab \tab might not be the best idea to cancel that curse until you have found a place to \tab \tab land.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Continual Light \'96 A ball of light is created, appearing on the ground. It is held in one hand \tab \tab in order to give off light. Fortunately, anyone can make use of this ball of light \tab \tab so it tends to be a personal favorite of most non-spellcasters. If you are
 in a dark \tab \tab room, you will still be unable to see the ball you have created but will be able to \tab \tab pick the ball up and wear it to be able to see.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Create Water \'96 This magic is used to replenish any empty container with drinking water. It \tab \tab will not fill any container containing any liquid other then water unless you \tab \tab empty it first, nor does it allow you to fill the container with anything other th
en \tab \tab ordinary water by casting this spell.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Create Food \'96 This spell summons forth a Mushroom which is safe to eat. The mushroom \tab \tab will appear on the ground at the caster's feet which can then be gathered and \tab \tab eaten. If used in a room with monsters, sometimes they will pick up the \tab \tab mushroom befor
e you do so be mindful of this fact. Also, if left on the ground \tab \tab or uneaten for too long it's taste will degrade becoming poisonous to eat.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Identify \'96 A useful spell for any spell caster, it will give you insight into an item's purpose. \tab \tab Wear level, armor class bonus, item type, monetary value, weight, damage roll \tab \tab and hit roll bonus, stat bonus and weapon type are only some of the results 
one \tab \tab can discover by a successful casting.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Magic Missile \'96 This spell is a basic damage spell that shoots small missiles at opponents. \tab \tab With enough experience, it becomes a fearsome tool of the caster's reportoire. It \tab \tab starts off with a single missile, growing in number and damage as the caster 
\tab \tab gains in expertise with them.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Refresh \'96 This handy spell allows the caster to replenish some of their move points. There \tab \tab are few spells as valuable as this one, as sometimes when you are exhausted \tab \tab you can save yourself or a team mate from a dangerous situation when you are \tab \tab no lo
nger able to move or give chase.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Dodge \'96 This basic skill allows the user to avoid attacks, a must for most classes. It does \tab \tab not guarantee you will avoid each attack, but as your % increases it will allow \tab \tab you to dodge more and more attacks. A must for those heavily involved in \tab \tab comb
at be it offensive or defensive.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Staves \'96 This sturdy length of wood stores spells, and BRANDISHed at opponents in order \tab \tab to release it's magic. It too stores a number of charges before depleted. They are \tab \tab usually found either in stores or randomly scattered across the world in creatur
e \tab \tab lairs or on them.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Wands \'96 This hand held stick is used to ZAP your opponents, it contains a number of \tab \tab charges before it is expended and explodes. They are usually found either in \tab \tab stores or randomly scattered across the world in creature lairs or on them.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Armor \'96 This basic spell grants a bonus to your armor class. Many effects or spells can \tab \tab complement this spell making a creature's armor class quite impressive. It can \tab \tab also be placed on monsters, to either annoy your rivals or simply for chaos's \tab \tab sake
.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Create Rose \'96 A rose will appear in your inventory, for whomever you choose. It cannot be \tab \tab eaten, but it can be sacrificed. For that special touch in role playing, when \tab \tab nothing else will do.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Detect Invis \'96 This spell allows the caster to see invisible people and opponents for a time. \tab \tab While it is active, anyone that is invisible that enters into the same room will be \tab \tab noticed. Especially useful in player killing, when mages are chasing afte
r you or \tab \tab wandering into an area with invisible monsters wanting to snack on you.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Scrolls \'96 This skill allows the user to RECITE a scroll in their hands. Regardless of the \tab \tab result, the scroll will be used up but if successful will cast each spell the scroll \tab \tab contains. These scrolls can be found in stores, around the world in lairs or
 on \tab \tab creatures.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Floating Disc \'96 This spell creates a disc which can carry a large amount of weight, and \tab \tab floats besides you removing whatever was in that location previously. It has a \tab \tab long duration, and once it expires drops everything it's currently carrying to the \tab 
\tab ground.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Dispel Magic \'96 This combat spell makes an attempt to remove a spell or spells from your \tab \tab opponent and is considered an aggressive action which will initiate combat if \tab \tab it's not already underway. It cannot determine between harmful and beneficial \tab \tab spell
s on the target, so bear that in mind when casting.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Invisibility \'96 Being able to become invisible is what this spell does best, and also allows \tab \tab you to cast it upon others as well. As long as you do not engage in combat, you \tab \tab will remain unseen and if you do not speak unheard. Certain creatures, spells \tab 
\tab and events however may cause you to lose this benefit or be able to affect you.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Recharge \'96 Certain wands and staves run out of charges, and this is where this handy spell \tab \tab comes into play. It will restore all charges on such a device once and only once. \tab \tab Please bear in mind that scrolls only contain a single casting of a spell, and
 are \tab \tab not suitable for recharging.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Teleport \'96 The bane of all aggressors and users alike, this peculiar spell allows the caster to}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab \tab relocate themselves to a random location. The problem is that once you get \tab \tab there, you may not be able to leave or find yourself suddenly around unwanted \tab \tab company. If you are looking for remote or utterly closed off areas, this spell is \tab \tab the choice of
 master spellcasters.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Fast Healing \'96 This vital skill allows them to regain their health at a greater rate. \tab \tab \tab Considering how difficult it is to heal over time when no is there to handily \tab \tab restore you, it can prove to be an invaluable skill in the long run when you are \tab \tab not
 a healer.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Spellcraft \'96 This important skill is both difficult to practice and improve, as it is a vital part \tab \tab of a mage's knowledge. It allows a caster to better wield his spells, casting them \tab \tab more successfully. It also allows a mage to learn more spells, as som
e need \tab \tab requirements in order to grasp more obscure magical concepts.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Spell Proficiency \'96 This is also a very vital skill for a mage to learn, as it allows them to \tab \tab deal more damage as well as lower the cost of spells. Mana is a mage's bread \tab \tab and butter, and can be the difference between life and death when a new level is
 \tab \tab just barely within reach when one more casting will finish the job.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Sonic Boom -  This sonic based spell damages a target with low damage and can also \tab \tab deafen them. It is a crucial spell for stronger versions a Sorcerer to use for \tab \tab sound based attack spells. Without it, the more challenging sonic spells cannot \tab \tab be lear
ned.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Rock Spike \'96 This earth based spell damages a target with low damage. It is a crucial spell \tab \tab for stronger versions a Sorcerer to use for earth based attack spells. Without it, \tab \tab the more challenging earth spells cannot be learned.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Burn \'96 This fire based spell damages a target with low damage. It is a crucial spell for \tab \tab stronger versions a Sorcerer to use for fire based spells. Without it, the more \tab \tab challenging fire spells cannot be learned.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Gust \'96 This air based spell damages a target with low damage. It is a crucial spell for \tab \tab stronger versions a Sorcerer to use for air based attack spells. Without it, the \tab \tab more challenging air spells cannot be learned.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Gush \'96 This combat spell washes over it's target with water for low damage. It is a crucial \tab \tab spell for stronger versions for a Sorcerer to use water based attack spells. \tab \tab Without it, the more challenging water spells cannot be learned.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Freeze \'96 This arctic spell blasts it's target with bone chilling cold.  It is a level based spell, \tab \tab which means it deals more damage at higher levels as Acid Burst does..}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Color Spray \'96 This combat spell fires a single bolt of color into an opponent. The color of \tab \tab this bolt determines the type of damage it receives, as well as secondary side \tab \tab effects to the target. It is a crucial spell for stronger versions for a Sorcere
r to \tab \tab use prismatic based spells. Without it, the more challenging prismatic spells \tab \tab cannot be learned.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Gate \'96 This spell allows the caster to create a temporary portal and transport them to a \tab \tab creature or person. The target may have the option to have this effect \tab \tab \tab removed by using the nosummon command turned on, and some creatures may \tab \tab not appreciate t
he caster's arrival.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Summon \'96 There are few versatile spells as Summon, that allows the caster to call forth the \tab \tab target to the caster's location. It is also a handy practice to use Summon and \tab \tab Gate in conjuction to allow an individual or parties to reach distance lands in 
\tab \tab mere moments. The target may have the option to have this effect removed by \tab \tab using the nosummon command turned on.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Imprint -  This spell was created in order to allow a warp stone function for a nexus spell. \tab \tab Without it, a nexus portal is impossible to create. The syntax for this spell is:}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab \tab cast 'imprint' warp}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Stone Skin \'96 This spell is a stronger version of Armor, granting the target a larger Armor \tab \tab Class bonus. It can be stacked onto a target's other armor class effects, both \tab \tab armor based and spell enchanted. It is also stronger then Armor or Shield spells.
}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Haste \'96 Another crucial spell for anyone that loves to fight, this magic grants the recipient \tab \tab another attack each round of combat as well as raising their Dexterity stat \tab \tab temporarily by four. Haste can also be used to counter a slow spell.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Shock \'96 This electrical based attack damages the target for low damage. It is a crucial spell \tab \tab for stronger versions of Sorcerer spells.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Magic Blast \'96 This spell is a powerful bane against spell casting classes and monsters alike. \tab \tab This mana based attack damages the target for low damage and also destroys \tab \tab some of their mana. It is a crucial spell for stronger versions of Sorcerer mana \tab 
\tab based attack spells. Without it, the more powerful Sorcerer spells cannot be \tab \tab reached. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Aid \'96 This spell is designed to heal a charmed ally of the caster's. It can only affect \tab \tab charmed monsters and only those of the caster. Depending on their health it \tab \tab restores a certain amount, the more damaged a creature is the more it heals.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Amplify Damage \'96 This brutal spell, if successfully cast, can render any opponent weak to \tab \tab all forms of damage making it easier to defeat them. An ideal spell against \tab \tab bosses, or any strong target the caster and their allies go up against. Those wise \tab \tab 
enough to recognize the threat this poses would do well to remove it \tab \tab \tab immediately or flee.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Encumber \'96 This nasty spell slows down a target if successfully cast, slowing down their \tab \tab attack speed with sheer magical weight. A must have against fighters, it can \tab \tab mean the difference between life and death when the need to flee arrives.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Blindness \'96 This combat spell makes the target unable to see, affecting their hit rolls and \tab \tab damage rolls until the spell is removed. It also makes it easier to player kill, as \tab \tab the target cannot tell if there is an opponent until combat begins nor what
 spells \tab \tab are being cast at them. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Enchant Armor \'96 This spell allows the caster to enchant a piece of armor, not jewelry or \tab \tab weapons. If the item glows blue, it increases it's Armor Class by 1 each time, if \tab \tab it glows brilliant it increases by 2. However, there are risks each time this sp
ell \tab \tab is cast upon the same item more then once. There is a chance which grows as \tab \tab more Enchant Armors are placed upon the item, that one of the following will \tab \tab happen. 1- The item is destroyed. 2 \'96 The item loses its enchantments, losing all \tab \tab Armor Cla
ss bonuses and any other special benefits. 3 \'96 Nothing happens, \tab \tab which usually means its close to a maximum or just bad luck. In either event, \tab \tab each time the spell is cast it raises the wear level of the item, making it harder \tab \tab and harder to wear eventu
ally making it impossible for even gods to use if it \tab \tab lasts that long.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Shield \'96 This spell is also a form of Armor, granting the target a bonus to Armor Class. It is \tab \tab a stronger version of Armor, and can be cast upon any target they choose,}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Faerie Fire \'96 This pesky spell covers the target in a pink outline when successfully cast, \tab \tab lowering their Armor Class a lot. This tends to be one of the initial debuffing \tab \tab spells used by groups against strong foes and those that employ a lot of physica
l \tab \tab force.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Overpower \'96 This spell compliments Giant Strength, adding a further stronger Strength \tab \tab bonus. In the right combination, this spell can grant great strength onto the \tab \tab target allowing them to unleash devastating damage against their foes.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Fireproof \'96 This protective spell is cast upon containers to protect them against harmful fire \tab \tab based spells or certain breath weapons from destruction. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Mass Invis \'96 A stronger version of Invisibility, this magic is automatically cast upon every \tab \tab single person in the room including monsters and npc's. It is considered a \tab \tab stronger version mainly because of its speed in rendering the party invisible in a 
\tab \tab short time.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Phase \'96 A stronger version of Dodge, this skill allows the user to have more chances at \tab \tab evading physical attacks. The requirements are many, but an additional dodge \tab \tab skill for a spell caster is crucial and well worth it.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Reveal \'96 The bane of thieves and assassins, this potent spell will cover a room with purple \tab \tab dust and show anyone who is present whether or not they are hidden or \tab \tab invisible. It breaks invisibility, but certain spells can still resist a reveal and be \tab \tab 
shown only as 'someone'.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Slow \'96 This detrimental spell can remove a haste spell from the target, and if they do not \tab \tab have haste on them instead lowers their attacks by one for a time as well as \tab \tab lowering their dexterity.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Bound Recall \'96 This spell sends a charmed ally back to the recall point. There is no other \tab \tab means to recall a charmed monster back, making this spell unique as well as \tab \tab important to the learned Wizard if they plan to use Word of Recall themselves.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Enchant Weapon \'96 This spell functions in the same manner as Enchant Armor, but instead \tab \tab of affecting Armor Class, works on Hit rolls and Damage rolls. It otherwise \tab \tab follows the same rules as Enchant Armor.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Giant Strength \'96 This spell increases the target's Strength score for a time increasing \tab \tab carrying capacity and physical damage dealt in combat. It also increases \tab \tab carrying capacity, for those adventurers that need an extra hand carrying all that \tab \tab gold 
and loot around when pockets get full.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Phantom Sword \'96 This spell summons forth a magical blade that aids you in combat \tab \tab to attack opponents. It does not need a wear location nor does it need to be \tab \tab carried. It deals a small but reasonable amount of damage when it hits, a perfect \tab \tab aid to de
feating that pesky monster in battle.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Weaken \'96 This spell lowers a target's Strength score, but can be dispelled or cancelled. A \tab \tab great tool in lowering a foe's ability to inflict damage upon you. Stronger \tab \tab versions of this spell can undoubtedly make life difficult for the victim.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Living Stasis \'96 This spell affects the flow of time around the caster, slightly slowing down \tab \tab both opponent's attack speeds and their resistance to spells. Great for that extra \tab \tab edge in combat. }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Friendly Aura \'96 This spell is great for reducing opponent's resistance to spells, as well as \tab \tab their aggressiveness to the caster. Very handy for charming monsters or simply \tab \tab walking through a dangerous area.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Word of Recall \'96 This important spell allows the caster to behave as a newbie does, in \tab \tab regards to returning to the safe point that is similar to the skill Recall. This spell \tab \tab makes the spell caster the only one capable of doing so after level 10, a cru
cial \tab \tab spell in quickly returning home to avoid a dangerous situation or an expedient \tab \tab one.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Acid Blast \'96 This potent combat spell attacks the target with a wave of acid, causing \tab \tab damage based on level. It is considered a stronger means of damage then Magic \tab \tab Missile at higher levels as well as being one of the best non-elemental attack \tab \tab spells
 available to mystics.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Locate Object \'96 This spell allows the caster to find any object or list of objects carried by \tab \tab anyone currently in the world. It will not show objects on the ground \tab \tab \tab unclaimed, nor will it show objects carried by players/immortals not currently \tab \tab onlin
e or visible. You can designate letters or an entire word as the target of the \tab \tab spell and the resulting list will locate all possible versions of the target.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Blur \'96 This spell is cast upon an enemy you are fighting, making it more difficult for them \tab \tab to hit you in combat affecting their hit rolls. This spell can only be cast during \tab \tab combat, so use it wisely.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Bind \'96 This spell binds a target to the ground, as well as lowering their Armor Class to \tab \tab defend themselves until removed. Perfect for escapes against a powerful foe or \tab \tab players trying to hunt you down. Combined with ranged attacks, it can be the \tab \tab ruin
 of many an opponent.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab Calm \'96 Stops combat in a room, affecting all within it with a sense of peace. It will also \tab \tab affect their hit rolls and damage rolls while the spell is still in effect. Since it \tab \tab affects both caster and target, as well as anyone in the room each must be 
rid of \tab \tab the spell individually, as while the spell is active you cannot attack anyone.}
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab }
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 
\par \pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql\rtlch\afs24\lang255\ltrch\dbch\langfe1023\hich\fs24\lang1023\loch\fs24\lang1023 {\rtlch \ltrch\loch\f0\fs24\lang1023\i0\b0 \tab }
\par }